Now from the previous lectures,
we know, once we connect to a network, it's game over
because, once connected, we can run an ARP spoofing attack
to redirect the flow of packets
so that they go through our computer.
This allow us to become the man in the middle,
and once we're the man in the middle,
we can run so many dangerous and effective attacks.
So we can spy on all the users, steal their passwords,
redirect them to different websites,
and this is all just a small taste of what you can do.
You'll actually see us build on this
in the client side attack section,
where we're going to completely hack into computers
connected to the same network as us.
And if you go and do my Advanced Network Hacking course,
then you'll see more advanced attacks
that'll allow us to do so many cool stuff on the network.
Again, all of this is possible because, once we connect,
we can run ARP spoofing and become the man in the middle.
Now, in this section, I actually want to show you
another method that'll allow us
to become the man in the middle.
And once we're the man in the middle,
we'll be able to run all of the attacks
that you've seen so far and all of the other man
in the middle attacks that you'll learn in the future.
So let's go back to the first diagram
that we learned in this course
when we were talking about how networks work in general.
We said the only device that has access to the internet
is the access point, and whenever a client
wants to access something,
they send the request to the access point.
The access point goes to the internet,
gets the response and send it back to the client.
Now what if we replace this access point
with our hacker computer?
So what if we can use our machine
to create a wifi network that actually has internet access
so people will actually try to come in
and connect to our network to access the internet,
and then, when they connect to our network,
by default we will be the man in the middle
because we are the router?
So we won't really need to exploit anything.
We are automatically the man in the middle,
and the clients will automatically send us any requests
because they want to access the internet,
and we will see these requests, obviously,
go to the internet, get them what they want
and give it back to them.
This way, we'll be able to launch all of the attacks
that I showed you previously
without the need to exploit the ARP protocol,
so without the need to run ARP spoofing.
All we'll have to do, once our network is running
and we have clients connected,
we can just start sniffing using Wireshark or Bettercap.
So for this to work, you need a computer,
and we already have our hacker computer with Kali Linux.
You also need internet access,
and you need a wireless device
that's going to broadcast the wifi signal
and tell all the neighboring devices that I am a network,
you can come in and connect to me.
So you will need, first of all, an interface
that has internet connection.
This interface, it can be a wifi interface
connected to the internet.
It could be an ethernet interface
connected to an ethernet network.
It could be a 3G or a 4G dongle,
and it even can be a virtual interface,
and this is what I'm actually going to do.
It's going to be my ETA zero, the virtual interface
that is connected to my network.
So this can be any network device
as long as it has internet access.
The next interface that you will need, like I said,
it's gonna have to be a wifi interface
because it needs to be able
to broadcast the signal for the network.
And you can't use any wifi interface.
This interface needs to be able
to act as an access point.
So it needs to be capable
of acting like a proper access point like a router.
Now, all of the wifi adapters that I recommend
support this mode, and I've already included a video
in the resources before
when I first spoke about wireless adapters,
but I'm also gonna include this video
in the resources of this lecture.
So if you're going to buy one or if you're not sure
how to pick the right one, then check out this video.
It should be helpful for you.
So once we have this set up properly,
we can use our computer to start an access point,
and it's going to act exactly like a router.
So people will be able to see the network,
when they look for wifi networks.
They'll be able to connect to it
and get internet connection.
But when they connect,
they will have to send us all of their requests
because we are the router, we are the access point,
so by default, we will be the man in the middle.
Therefore, you'll be able to execute
all man in the middle attacks that you learned so far
and any other man in the middle attacks
that you will learn in the future.
So basically, ARP spoofing is one method
of becoming the man in the middle.
And what I'm gonna show you right now
is another method of becoming the man in the middle.
Now you can see that, in order to use our computer
as an access point, we need a number of components
to be configured properly.
So first of all, we need our wireless interface
to broadcast the signal as if it's a real network.
This will allow other clients to connect to it,
but that's not the end of the road.
The wireless interface needs to know
when these clients are requesting websites.
It needs to be able to forward these requests
to the other interface that is connected to the internet.
Then again, it'll need to be able
to know when the response has come back
and forward all of this to the right client.
Now you can configure all of these things manually,
and I actually cover this
in my Advanced Network Hacking course,
and I cover a lot of advanced things
that you can do with the fake access point,
like launching an evil twin attack,
hacking into WPA2 Enterprise, and so on.
But this would take at least 30 lectures,
and this is not a network hacking course.
This is a general ethical hacking course.
Therefore, that would be out of the scope of this lecture.
If you're interested in learning how to do this manually
and how to run advanced attacks using the fake access point,
then check out my Advanced Network Hacking course
in the bonus lecture, the last lecture of this course.
For now, for this course, I'm gonna show you
a great way of quickly creating a fake access point
that'll allow us to become the man in the middle,
similar to what's shown in this diagram.